{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19800\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Add \'91em up!
\b0 \
Have two fields that take numeric inputs. Using event listeners, update the sum of the values in the two fields when user inputs a value.\
\

\b Smart complete
\b0 \
Have one field where user can input a name. Have an array of sample names. On user input compare the values in the array to the user input. If the user input is a part of any elements of the array display these on the output.\
\

\b Password Creator
\b0 \
Have a field for user to enter a password. If the password does not meet any one of the following criteria display any applicable errors:\
- Must have the letter \'91O\'92\
- Must be longer than 7 characters\
- Must not begin with a number\
- If there is the number 9 in the password it must be followed by a \'92T\'92\
\
\

\b Image Gallery\

\b0 Given three links display that reference three different images, when a user hovers over a link, display the image associated with the link. When user blurs out, remove the image.\
\

\b Course Selection App
\b0 \
Have user inputs for student number, student name, and email. In the backend have a course object that stores students, maximum enrolment capacity and number of students enrolled. Each time a user is added to the course via a button the output will display the list of students enrolled, the maximum capacity, as well as number of students currently enrolled.}